Designs:



Survey:
All the below questions on the topics can be answered in three ways Yes,No,Maybe.
	1. Demonetisation:
		Was demonetisation in India a good move?
		Did demonetisation help in reducing corruption?
		Do you think demonetisation made lower middle class and small businesses suffer badly?
		Was goverment well prepared to face challenges after demonetisation?
		Do you think any important financial decisions must be taken only after approval of RBI and Supereme Court?

	2. Over-Population:
		Is over-population a severe problem to control?
		Is over-population control ethical?
		Are poverty,illiteracy and unemployement reasons for over-population?
		Can education help to reduce over-population?

	3. Inter-caste Marriages:
		Do marriages in same caste face less social pressure?
		Are cultural problems severe in inter-caste marriages?
		Do inter-caste marriages actually affect the family honour/reputation?
		Should government issue some laws to help such married couples? 

	4. Cast Reservation:
		Does cast reservation cause hinderance to deserving people?
		Is the caste reservation percentage balanced properly in education system?
		Do you think caste reservation keeps discrimination alive? 
		Is economic criteria an alternative to caste reservation?

	5. Healthcare services:
		Are healthcare services affordable?
		Do you receive proper care from hospitals?
		Concessions must given to senior citizens on healthcare?	

	6. Food & Lifestyle :
		Do you follow a diet?
		Do you exercise daily?


Features:
1. People can answer the surveys honestly and can have assurance that their opinions remain unaletered. 
2. This can help the authorities issuing the survey to make decisions.
3. Helpful in knowing review,product feedback,people satisfaction.
4. Quicker and safer.

Pros:
1. Assurance of not getting aletered.
2. No need to fill the personal details everytime unlike in traditional physical survey.
3. Will gain rewards.

Cons:
1. Hard to know opinions from rural areas as less use of technology
2.
3.















